Do not use app config section in test templates and generated app configuration (#2599)
databricks/cli: NEXT_CHANGELOG.md

### Bundles
* Fixed cleaning up artifact path .internal folder ([#2572](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2572))

> * Do not use app config section in test templates and generated app configuration ([#2599](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2599))

Reviewer: More understandable for customers. We don't need to call out the test template changes.

```suggestion
* Use app.yml instead of inlining config when using `bundle generate` command for apps ([#2599](https://github.com/databricks/cli/pull/2599))
```
